You and Sophos hereby accept and agree to the following terms and conditions:

Your "Contributions" means all of your past, present and future contributions of
source code and documentation to App::SFDC, excluding any submissions that are
conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a
Contribution."

By providing Contributions, you grant to Sophos a non-exclusive, irrevocable,
worldwide, no-charge, transferable copyright license to use, execute, prepare
derivative works of, and distribute (internally and externally, in object code
and source code form) your Contributions. Except for the rights granted to
Sophos in this paragraph, You reserve all right, title and interest in and to
your Contributions.

You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your
employer(s) have rights to intellectual property that you create, you represent
that you have received permission to make the Contibutions on behalf of that
employer, or that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to
App::SFDC.

You represent that, except as disclosed in your Contribution submission(s), each
of your Contributions is your original creation. You represent that your
Contribution submissions(s) included complete details of any license or other
restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks)
associated with any part of your Contributions)(including a copy of any
applicable license agreement). You agree to notify Sophos of any facts or
circumstances of which you become aware that would make Your representations in
the Agreement inaccurate in any respect.

You are not expected to provide support for your Contributions, except to the
extent you desire to provide support. Your may provide support for free, for a
fee, or not at all. Your Contributions are provided as-is, with all faults,
defects and errors, and without any warranty of any kind (either express or
implied) including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose and any warranty of non-infringement.
